Create mysql_configuration_innodb_file_per_table_not_enabled.md (#54)
percona-platform/portal-doc: docs/advisors/checks/mysql_configuration_innodb_file_per_table_not_enabled.md

> # mysql_configuration_innodb_file_per_table_not_enabled

Author: ```suggestion
# MySQL innodb_file_per_table configuration is enabled check
```

> # MySQL innodb_file_per_table configuration is enabled check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# MySQL innodb_file_per_table configuration is enabled
```

## Description

> When innodb_file_per_table=ON is set, InnoDB uses one tablespace file per InnoDB table. This is the default since MySQL 5.6.7. Though after changing the variable ON, we will have to ensure that the tables are rebuilt using a dummy alter to pull them out from the system tablespace to its dedicated tablespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When **innodb_file_per_table=ON** is set, InnoDB uses one tablespace file per InnoDB table. This is the default since MySQL 5.6.7. After changing the variable ON, we will have to ensure that the tables are rebuilt using a dummy alter to pull them out from the system tablespace to their dedicated tablespace.
```

## Resolution

> Set innodb_file_per_table=ON in configuration and reboot instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set **innodb_file_per_table=ON** in configuration and reboot the instance.
```

> Run dummy alters (ALTER TABLE table_name ENGINE=InnoDB) for every InnoDB table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run dummy alters (**ALTER TABLE table_name ENGINE=InnoDB**) for every InnoDB table.
```
